Update Snaps name resolution docs (#1539)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: snaps/features/custom-name-resolution.md

}
```

> If you're only targetting specific TLDs or schemes, you can use the `matchers` property to reduce

Reviewer: I think showing an example of the `schemes` property would be good and also some language giving an example of what sort of input `tlds` & `schemes` would match on e.g. `hassan.eth` & ` farcaster:hassan` respectively.

}
```

> If you're only targetting specific TLDs or schemes, you can use the `matchers` property to reduce
> overhead by specifying the TLDs and schemes you support. To target specific TLDs e.g. `my-domain.crypto`,
> use the `tlds` property. To target specific schemes e.g. `farcaster:my-user`, use the `schemes` property.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're only targeting specific TLDs or schemes, you can use the `matchers` property to reduce
overhead by specifying the TLDs and schemes you support. To target specific TLDs (for example, `my-domain.crypto`),
use the `tlds` property. To target specific schemes (for example, `farcaster:my-user`), use the `schemes` property.
```

}
```

:::note

> Note that the response from the `onNameLookup` handler includes a `domainName` property. This can

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The response from the `onNameLookup` handler includes a `domainName` property. This can
```
